[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>BILLY CARSON:
Welcome to "Disclosure"
with Dr. Steven Greer.
In this episode, we explore
manifestations of contact.
Dr. Greer, welcome.
>>STEVEN GREER: Thank you.
Great to be here with you.
>>BILLY: In your paper
"Extraterrestrials and New
Cosmology," you talk about
several types of contact.
Can you explain that for us?
>>GREER: What it's
really about is
understanding how ET
civilizations manifest
in our space time.
Remember, extraterrestrial
civilizations
have the ability to phase
from a very non-3D energy
field all the way into
full manifestation.
So you can have, for example,
an entire spacecraft, 3D.
That spacecraft, many people
who have observed this--
we've had this happen
on our expeditions--
can then fold into space time,
and all you see is a sphere.
A red, pulsing sphere
or orange, or whatever.
And then it can unfold back out.
So this confuses people, because
they said, which came first?
Or was the sphere part of it?
I said, well, it's all
part and parcel of it
enfolding within space time.
And this is why you have so
many unusual manifestations.
Often, we will have a contact
event where we'll be sitting.
We're meditating
out under the stars,
and there'll be
a brilliant burst
of light right in the
center of this circle, maybe
four feet above the ground.
It's usually right around
or above the puja table
where I do the Sanskrit
Vedic meditation.
And it will burst so
brightly that even
with your eyes closed,
you'll see your eyelid veins.
And everyone is sort of
permeated with a consciousness
light.
So the light is actually imbued
with consciousness, almost
at a celestial, fine level.
And people are just
awakened into a state
of amazing consciousness.
That's happened many times.
Another time up
north of Phoenix,
out near the national
forest, a craft came in.
We were in meditation.
And literally, I was looking
just at the right point,
because I was told
mentally, look up behind me.
So I just had to look like this.
At that instant, it
looked like the heavens
had been rent asunder.
It looked like there
was a parting of space.
And in that parting of space,
this beautiful blue ship
appeared and suffused
the entire team
for just an instant in
this blue white light.
It lit up the entire desert.
And everyone saw
this, of course.
It was brilliant.
And so you can have
everything from a full 3D
to events like that that
happened, and come and go
very quickly.
And then of course,
the teleportation right
onto the site of ET beings.
Now interestingly, that goes
all the way from physical bodies
and they're walking around--
and we'll be meditating.
You'll hear them walking.
They'll touch you.
You look, there's nothing there.
Well, it's because they don't
have to be fully visible,
be sort of cloaked.
And they'll go around and
do energy work with people.
But you hear them walking.
This happens almost every
expedition that I conduct.
And then you have this other
really amazing phenomenon
where the ETs will
control the environment.
So we'll be sitting
out in a remote area,
and the ET craft will be
partially in this dimension,
so much so that you
can almost-- it sounds
like an echo when you speak,
like you're bouncing off
the walls, but it's clear air.
And in one instance, I remember
we were up in Joshua Tree
in the center of the park.
And it was about 38
degrees that night.
It was quite cold.
And this energy field
manifested around us
that was extraterrestrial.
Very subtle.
And we had this echoey
effect as we spoke.
And you could see
subtle energies,
almost like celestial
level of energy around us.
And beings moving,
but not quite 3D.
And the temperature went
up to 69 degrees from 38.
So it went up 31 degrees
in a short amount of time.
You could walk 20 yards outside
our circle and it was freezing.
So it did a controlled
environment.
People were literally
pulling their jackets off.
There are so many ways
that these happen.
One of my favorite,
sort of whimsical things
was up on Blanca Peak
in Southern Colorado.
And a member of our team, as
we were doing the meditation,
silently asked the ETs if they
could just use the Big Dipper--
you know, the four stars that
are in the dipper and then
the three in the handle--
and just turn them on and
off in kind of a code.
He was a mathematician,
a computer guy.
And sure enough, as
soon as this thought
left his brain to the ETs,
in a crystal clear sky--
we were up at 9,000
or 10,000 feet--
each star, and
sometimes two at a time,
would go on and off
signaling to us.
And this went on for 23 minutes.
So we have unbelievable
amount of footage
of this sort of thing.
It's very subtle.
So what is that?
They were communicating in code.
It was a sequence
that we recorded.
When we got back to our
condos late at night,
3:00 in the morning, all
the clocks and all the units
were flashing some number that
was related to that pattern.
Really unusual,
higher consciousness,
transdimensional manifestations.
It's really quite beautiful
how this all unfolds.
One time at Mount Shasta,
we were in meditation.
And this gets into the Vedic
concept of name and form
where the
thought-sound component
can manifest the object.
It's called name and form.
So the word for water in
Sanskrit is [SANSKRIT]..
At a certain level of
consciousness and vibration,
you can manifest water.
But the ETs have technologies
as well as innate abilities
to do this.
So we're sitting in a circle
in this national forest.
All of a sudden, we hear
this tone that comes through
from southwest to northeast,
headed towards Mount Shasta.
And everyone hears it.
Eyes were closed.
And what everyone saw
in their mental image
was a sort of gray
metallic sphere
that was consciousness and
ET, zip, zip, zip, zip,
zip like a string
of pearls moving
through the circle at ground
level, or above the ground,
but at our level where
we're sitting in the chairs.
Very unusual.
We have a tape recording of
that signal that moved through.
So there's almost an
infinite number of ways
that civilizations that
are interstellar and are
at that level of technology
and consciousness
can manifest and interface.
So it can be in thought,
it can be in light,
it can be in matter, it can
be in natural phenomena.
One of the things that happened
about a year and a half ago,
we were at Joshua
Tree National Park.
And this sort of thing
has happened many times.
It looks like we have an
aircraft coming in on a landing
approach with landing lights.
So we're looking at it.
To me, it felt like
it wasn't human.
But as it got closer, you heard
the jet engines, all that.
But suddenly, in a crystal clear
sky, it gets right above us
and dematerializes.
Now no one was filming it,
because everybody assumed
this is obviously an airplane
going into Palm Springs
or Orange County or LAX.
In reality, they were
masquerading as a jet,
but they weren't.
And this has happened
multiple times.
We've also had a lot of
phenomenon with weather
where we'll be doing
our CE5 contact
and we'll have a cloud appear.
And then the cloud--
it's really windy.
It never moves.
Never moves.
And you'll start seeing objects
light up around the edge of it,
moving around.
Now, this happened in
Arizona for about 45 minutes
that we videotaped.
And it was a cloud
that they had created
to keep around the craft
while they were meditating
and connecting with us.
And everyone, everyone saw this.
So that's what
you're dealing with,
and that's what you have
to prepare for mentally,
and really do a reality check
at every step of what you're
doing.
Because if you're making
contact in a pure-hearted way,
they're going to come.
And they're going
to come, however,
in ways you may
not be expecting.
So you have to almost
suspend your prejudices
and just observe and
be interactive as
opposed to wanting to
impose your beliefs on what
the ET civilizations might do.
>>BILLY: Right.
Just be open.
>>GREER: Be open.
And that's hard for
people, because we all have
our own predetermined ideas.
>>BILLY: Exactly.
Wow.
And Dr. Greer,
some people suggest
that apparitions are holograms
from other dimensions.
Can you go into that
a little bit deeper?
>>GREER: I know people who work
in classified projects that
have the ability to
stage things using
very advanced generation,
beyond what people can imagine,
holographic technologies.
An ET civilization
can similarly do that,
although generally they
don't have to stage anything.
They simply can present in--
it's not a hologram.
It looks almost like a hologram
or something almost astral
that you can see, but
it's actually them
just appearing partially
in 3D for security reasons
or so that you're not scared.
The big trick here
is also realizing
that 70 years and
trillions of dollars
in R&D and classified
projects have enabled--
and we haven't touched
the surface on this--
of what the intelligence
community and contractors
that are in unacknowledged
special access projects
can simulate.
So that's one of the problems.
You have to know that
whatever you think
can be done go way past that.
Ben Rich, the head of the
Lockheed Skunk Works, he said,
look.
Anything that you've
seen or can imagine
from "Star Trek" or "Star
Wars," we have already done it.
It's sitting out in the desert.
He wasn't talking about Area 51.
He was talking about the cube
and the underground facility
for the Lockheed Skunk
Works out in the high desert
of California.
And I think that there can
be deceptive operations,
because they can stage--
the humans can stage things
that look very extraterrestrial.
And then just to add
another layer of this
is that many people
have confused
interdimensional beings
with extraterrestrials
that could be transdimensional.
So again, we have humans.
We have 3D.
We have classified projects that
can simulate almost anything.
Now, let's add to that the
fact that most people conflate
extraterrestrial vehicles and
manifestations, let's say,
with--
they don't know, most
people, that there
are classified technologies
that are the anti-gravity craft
and stuff.
This is mostly
what's in the news.
There aren't ET ones
they're showing.
They're showing
ours, staging things.
And then there's a whole
bunch of other phenomenon.
If you want to hear one of the
weirdest things that's true,
a man who worked in the cube
at the Lockheed Skunk Works
described to me an area where
they had an electronic device
that people could connect
to, and that would take them
into not another planet,
but into another dimension
and see some horrifying boojum
creature, and pull it into 3D,
and it'd be running
around the lab.
I know other scientists
outside the Skunkworks
have done this through very
high-voltage systems where
they cross into these
other dimensions.
So this is where a little
knowledge is a dangerous thing.
We have to have enough
knowledge of the cosmology
to have discernment to
know what's going on.
And that's kind of been
lost in this discussion,
because it's a
little bit detailed.
But if you just
remember, there's ET,
there's human that
can simulate the ET,
and there are another
whole category.
And most of what is talked
about in the UFO culture
is a gemish of all three
without any discernment.
And I think we have to
reach that discernment,
or we're going to be
hopelessly confused,
but more importantly can
be deceived, all right?
And I think a lot of this
obfuscation and confusion
has been deliberate,
because as the Vedas say,
knowledge is the
greatest purifier.
When you have the knowledge,
you can purify and clarify.
And I think this
obfuscation is not helpful.
>>BILLY: During some
of your CE5 events,
you talk about this being
named Bijou that manifests.
Can you tell us a little
bit more about Bijou?
>>GREER: Well, this is
one of many episodes.
The reason I talk about it
is that this one actually let
us take a photograph of him.
So some years ago, we were up
at Joshua Tree National Park.
I think it was 2009.
And we were doing the
protocols for CE5 contact,
and we were doing it
for a couple of hours.
Took a break.
And I went down from
our site on geology
to a road towards the east.
And the reason I did, that's
where in '96 an ET craft came
in and land-- went straight into
the Earth and lit up all of--
a whole bunch of people saw it.
It was about 300 feet in
diameter, teal blue green.
So we knew that that was a
transdimensional interstellar
center right out in that plane.
So I went out there with
a few of my team members,
and we were talking
and what have you.
Suddenly, right on
my right shoulder--
and right often for me
means future, left is past--
is this sort of
grapefruit-sized, golden-white
sphere.
And several people see, and
it's hovering right there.
And this is in pitch darkness
out in the wilderness.
And I go, they're here.
And so it leaves and goes up
towards where our circle is.
So I go back and get
everyone organized.
We get to the circle, and we
hear four or five ETs talking.
And nothing's visible.
So they're there very spatially
in terms of their talking.
But with the eyes, you cannot
see their physical bodies.
Very strange.
So I say, look.
Everyone needs to get
calm and organized here.
This is full-on
contact happening.
And one of my
friends, Raven, who's
in the "Close Encounters
of the Fifth Kind" movie,
takes a photograph.
I say, right there.
And everyone had
heard female voices.
Most of these ETs
sounded female.
There was one that I heard
that was a male voice.
And she takes a picture, and
in that picture is this ET,
and just floating slightly
above where our chairs are.
And in the photograph
to the left,
you'll see there's a
sphere, an orb, that's
putting out this really
unusual light that
illuminates all the chairs.
And it's an energy
beam that is holding
the ET, floating in the desert.
So that photograph,
very interestingly
when you analyze it, it was the
sphere that was by my shoulder.
But that was the
entire collective
of ETs and their craft
folding into space time.
And then the ETs were teleported
in conscious energy field
onto the desert, almost at
an astral level, but enough
that the camera was
able to get this one ET
who came into this dimension
just enough, and he's waving.
He's literally going
hi right at me.
>>BILLY: Incredible.
>>GREER: And he has this sort of
whitish thing on the head that
looks like a yarmulke.
So after that
happened, we go back
and say, look, we need
to get in a circle,
because we're going to
continue this contact.
So we have this
magnetic detector
that starts going on and off.
When I asked this ET--
and I was told by the ET
that his name was Bijou.
And so I said, is
this your name?
It goes beep, beep
twice, which means yes.
And we're out in the
middle of the wilderness.
That thing should not
be doing anything.
>>BILLY: Right.
>>GREER: Then I got the
information from him
that he was from the
Andromeda Galaxy.
And again, beep, beep.
So I repeated it.
This goes on for about
45 minutes or an hour
of this dialogue telepathically
and with the electronics
confirming.
Very interesting.
And basically, you can
have any electronic device
and ask these ETs to
take it over and use it.
And so we had this
wonderful encounter.
And this went on
for quite some time.
And so that ET is a senior
ambassador from the Andromeda
Galaxy, which is the closest
galaxy to the Milky Way.
It's about two and a half
million light years from Earth.
And we've had many experiences
with that same contingent
who come, pop in and
out at these events.
So it's really quite beautiful.
>>BILLY: Wow.
So I mean, we're talking
about intergalactic.
But what's the terminology
that you like to use?
Instead of intergalactic,
is there a different term?
>>GREER: Well, if it's
from another galaxy,
it's intergalactic.
But the truth is
intergalactic, interstellar,
it doesn't matter.
To go from point A to B, they're
dropping out of space time.
It seems as far away as
our minds go linearly.
And going through these
other dimensions, boom.
You know?
Right here.
And that's done
technologically, of course,
with consciousness systems that
interface with their spacecraft
and their beings.
>>BILLY: Right.
Dr. Greer, in
addition to the beeps
and the communication
with Bijou,
were there of any other type
of a profound experience
that you walked away with?
>>GREER: Yes.
I mean, it was being
made very clear to us
that the CE5 contact
teams were having contact
with many, many
civilizations of which there
are almost an infinite number.
But there were certain ones that
were being introduced to humans
for the first time through
humans coming together, saying,
we're ready through CE5 contact.
So everyone's thinking
everything is stationary.
It's evolving and unfolding.
And so I came away
with this understanding
that many of these
civilizations are waiting for us
to be in a state
of consciousness
and coherence and
peaceful intent,
and then they get introduced.
Have they been aware
of the Earth before?
Yeah, they have.
But in terms of
direct contact, that's
something that kind of humans
have to be the leading partner.
It's like a dance.
This is our planet.
And even though these
other civilizations maybe
have been around for
millions of years,
they're not going to invade,
contrary to the movies.
They're waiting for
us to welcome them.
But not with guns
and bombs, you know?
That's not a welcome.
So if people move in that
direction, they come.
But it's not just
some stationary set
of civilizations.
It's a growing number
that are being added.
Because in the
next 1,000 years--
I don't think I've ever
said this publicly--
all intelligent civilizations
that are interstellar capable
will be united
together with Earth.
That's where we're headed.
>>BILLY: There's another ET
that you refer to as the healer.
Can you tell us
about the healer?
>>GREER: Yeah, and this
is a wonderful photograph.
This happened a
couple years ago up
in Oracle, Arizona,
ironically named.
It's up in the mountains above
Tucson, about 5,000 feet up,
I think.
And we had a number of sightings
of objects far in the sky,
and we had one
golden ship fly over
that was from the one star
system out near Arcturus.
Whether it's Arcturus directly,
it's that sector of space.
And all this started unfolding.
So we had right behind my chair
and a couple other people an ET
walking.
David Marconi, who wrote "Enemy
of the State" with Will Smith,
he was there and had a camera.
And I said, David, point
the camera over this way.
And so he puts the camera
over in that direction,
and it was this
ruby red teardrop.
And the camera caught this ET.
So the camera light
cells were able to catch
the entire 5, 6-foot tall ET.
Very triangular head.
Sort of a bird-like beak.
So I said, well, they're here.
We saw the photograph
immediately.
And we began to meditate and
connect with that civilization.
So what's beautiful
about this is
that this man
throughout the night
continued to have contact.
So he stayed up to almost dawn.
And we have video of
this red object that
keeps coming in and
out of this dimension
that he connects
to and is having
this beautiful
cosmic consciousness
experience with this being.
And at the very end of the
night he goes, and by the way,
could you just--
I have so much hard hearing.
It's so hard for me
to hear anything.
Can you fix this?
And just sort of
serendipitously,
and goes to bed.
In the morning, he wakes up.
His hearing is
completely restored
as if he was a young
person with normal hearing.
Threw away his hearing aids.
And to this day, he's
completely healed by this ET
that you're seeing
the picture of.
Interestingly, he wasn't
trying to make contact
for a selfish reason
like his own hearing.
He was doing it in
a pure-hearted way
to be part of the cosmic family,
and then incidentally asked.
So the lesson in
this is if you do
CE5 for some self-aggrandizing
purpose only, it won't happen.
If it happens, it'll
happen because you're
in the right heart and mind
space, and then they'll do it.
It's a real lesson.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
>>BILLY: It seems like they have
like a prime directive of sorts
where we have to
reach out to them.
They're waiting for us to reach
out through consciousness,
and then they can interact.
>>GREER: Yep.
Together as groups
and in consciousness.
And then anything is possible.
I will tell you on these
expeditions, 30 years of them,
thousands of events
like this have happened.
>>BILLY: There was
another encounter
you had at Boca Grande
with another being.
Can you talk us or walk us
through that experience?
>>GREER: Yeah, so
we're on the beach.
It's on the Gulf
Coast, Boca Grande.
And fairly remote
stretch of beach.
And we're setting up, and I'm
walking out with some people,
and with someone
who had a camera.
Suddenly on the beach,
I see this energy,
scintillating energy
manifesting in front of us.
Not very high.
Maybe a couple feet.
And so a person with a
camera, I say, be very still
and take a photograph here.
And he takes a photograph, and
in the photograph instantly
we see this almost
crystal and light being.
You zoom in on it.
You'll see the eyes, almost
like a chakra energy system.
And it looks like
a halo around it.
That is a toroid, a
donut-shape energy field
that is holding and manifesting
this transdimensional ET
being that's from a civilization
about a billion years more
developed than we are, and
are one of the civilizations
that I call the
guardians of Earth.
But this was
actually an ET being
that is from a very
advanced civilization where
everyone on that planet
is in god consciousness.
And even their
spacecraft when we've
seen them are
emanating consciousness
at the level of the celestial.
And so these kind of
beings are always with us.
Sometimes they don't come
on clearly enough where
we can photograph and see them.
But they're extremely advanced,
and the level of consciousness
is a beautiful level of
enlightened civilizations
that have been around for
quite an ancient time.
Which, again, over history--
and I think a lot
of scripture, people
have had experiences
genuinely with other celestial
or beings from other dimensions
that are higher dimensions.
But if you have an experience
with something like this
and you don't understand ET
technology and transdimensional
physics, you could be
forgiven for thinking
that this was an angelic
being, or what have you.
But I don't think you photograph
angels very often, frankly.
[LAUGHS] But my
point is that there's
an overlap where the more we
know and share and experience,
and also the higher
we go in consciousness
in our experiences,
we'll have discernment.
Because the discernment of
perceiving a lot of this
is based on the level
of consciousness
of the experiencer.
It's the old Vedic saying.
The world is as you are.
>>BILLY: Right.
>>GREER: Right?
That world is as you are.
>>BILLY: As these
contact experiences
continue, how do you think it's
going to affect consciousness
on this planet?
And also, to what end?
>>GREER: Really, I think the
more people come together
in meditative states
and make contact,
it's actually like the whole
concept of morphogenic fields
and the 100th monkey effect.
It actually is
affecting everyone.
So the beauty of
it is that we all
think we're islands,
doing this on our own.
It actually is
affecting everyone
in a very positive
way, but it's also
creating the resonant field
for a future of open contact
and universal peace and where
humanity will take its place,
and the Earth will
take its place
amongst the other civilizations.
And the Earth is a
beautiful planet.
It's a destination
planet, we call it,
because it's so
beautiful and so diverse,
and it's of great interest to
civilizations in the cosmos.
And humanity has
great potential.
So I think the more that
people do this and understand
that in meditative states
and higher consciousness,
in development of higher states
of consciousness, which we'll
get into in a later episode,
happening while you're
doing contact, it creates
this field effect that's
affecting your neighbors that
don't know you're doing it.
And that's that whole 1% effect,
the so-called Maharishi effect.
You put 1% of meditators of the
population who are in the town
meditating, 200,000 people.
Well, you only
need 2,000 people.
And they find crime
rates go down,
coherence goes up,
ER visits go down.
So what's fascinating
about that is
that when we're doing the
CE5 contact, it's sort of--
we're pioneering in a resonant
field in consciousness,
potentiating the future.
In my view of it, we're
actually manifesting
a future that already
exists and bringing it
from the empyrean realm of the
ideas and potential into 3D.
So we're actually
manifesting that good future.
And there are other
people who might
want to manifest a
different future that's
not so great with conflict
and war and division.
But I think the
more people remain
in a positive state
of manifestation,
the more we're going to see
our civilization transformed
in that direction.
And I think that's the
real meaning of this.
And my experience with
this over most of my life
is that that's why the
ETs want us to do this.
They want us to
do it because it's
how we evolved and can
fulfill our destiny
to become an interstellar
civilization that's
enlightened in a golden
age of human existence.
And that's really what
this whole next era
of human evolution is about.
>>BILLY: Yeah.
I'm really looking
forward to it.
Well, thank you, Dr. Greer.
>>GREER: Thank you.
>>BILLY: I'm Billy
Carson, and thank you
for watching this
episode of "Disclosure"
with Dr. Steven Greer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]